Updated README (#41)
UBC-MDS/rpuck: README.Rmd

- `draft_pick(pick_number=NULL, round_number=NULL, year=NULL)`:
  - The draft_pick(pick_number=None, round_number=None, year=None) function makes an API call to the drafts summary on the NHL.com API. The function returns information about draft picks for the specified arguments and stores them in a data frame.
- `attendance(regular=True, playoffs=True, start_season=NULL, end_season=NULL)`:

>   - The attendance() function makes a query to the Attendance API to get the NHLвЂ™s seasonal and playoff attendance numbers. The function displays attendance numbers in a ggplot chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The attendance() function makes a query to the Attendance API to get the NHL's seasonal and playoff attendance numbers. The function displays attendance numbers in a ggplot chart.
```

Reviewer: Can you correct these typings and I will merge it
